# pic-sure-auth-microapp

Instructions to launch in dev mode:

Prerequisites: Maven 3+, Java, Docker and docker-compose

mvn clean install && docker-compose build && docker-compose up -d

You'll need to provide Auth0 client_id in /admin/overrides/login.js and the client_secret of pic-sure-auth-services 
has to match the one from Auth0 based on client_id.

# login to pic-sure-auth-services endpoint
after you run the command `docker-compose up -d`, and check everything is fine by `docker-compose logs -f`

you can try to hit the endpoint: `http://{{your_docker_machine_ip_address}}:8080/pic-sure-auth-services/auth/user
with headers - Authorization:Bearer {{your_token}}`
The token could be generated by the repo `https://github.com/hms-dbmi/jwt-creator`
The default sub is `foo@bar.com`

#
If you make source code changes, just re-run the same command and it will redeploy the stack for you.

This was changed from the much shorter maven based deployment to resolve a certificate issue with grin-docker-dev. Once the cert issue is resolved the maven tomcat configs will work again.

Then open your browser at http://<your docker-machine ip>


#### Terms of Service

If a user logging in has not accepted the latest terms of service, they will be directed to the 'Accept Terms of Service' page.
The content of the terms of service is stored in the termsOfService table in the database.  This is html that is rendered on the page.  
To trigger the acceptance of the terms of service, this html must include a button with class 'accept-tos-button'.  Anything with this class,
upon clicking, will register the logged in user as accepting terms of service.  This button can be disabled until criteria are met.  Some example termsOfService content would be:

```aidl
These are the terms of service.
<br>
<input type="checkbox" id="checkMe">This box must be checked</input>
<br>
<button type="button" disabled id="acceptBtn" class="btn btn-info accept-tos-button">
  <span>Accept</span> 
</button>
<script>
 $('#checkMe').on('change', function(){
	$('#acceptBtn').prop("disabled", !this.checked);
	});
</script>
```